Add docs to a separate PR for review (#5153)
ROCm/rocm-libraries: projects/hipdnn/docs/what-is-hipdnn.rst

.. meta::

>    :description: hipDNN is a plugin-based deep learning library that provides graph-based operation support through backend plugins 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   :description: hipDNN (Deep Neural Network) is a graph-based deep learning library that enables multi-operation fusion for improved performance on AMD GPUs.  
```
The general description appears to be repeated in many places but it's inconsistent. These descriptions vary between being a graph-based deep learning library that enables multi-operation fusion for improved performance, and a plug-in based deep learning library that provides graph-based operation support though backend plugins.

Personally, I think the selling point is the graph-based multi-operation fusion for improved performance on AMD GPUs, and less-so the plugins which is more of an implementation detail feature that allows us to quickly iterate in adding new operations or performance improvements.

It would be good to update all these general descriptions of what hipDNN is to focus on the graph-based multi-operation fusion for improved performance aspect over the plugin-base implementation.

I'll leave this to your discretion though.

Author: Ah, yes these are the meta descriptions that aren't displayed. Good catch, I'll update.

   :keywords: hipDNN, ROCm, library, API

.. _what-is:

******************
What is hipDNN?
******************

hipDNN (Deep Neural Network) is a graph-based deep learning library that enables multi-operation fusion for improved performance on AMD GPUs. 
It uses operation graphs as an intermediate representation to describe computations, allowing different backend engines to optimize and execute these graphs efficiently.

> hipDNN allows developers to run deep learning workloads on AMD GPUs by providing an interface modeled after the cuDNN frontend API.

Reviewer: We may be able to avoid mentioning cuDNN using the language found later-on in this file: "- **Industry standard API**: Provides a familiar interface that matches established deep learning library conventions."

```suggestion
hipDNN allows developers to run deep learning workloads on AMD GPUs by providing an interface that matches established deep learning library conventions.
```

hipDNN has a plugin-based architecture which allows advanced users to extend hipDNN without modifying the core library.

hipDNN and the ROCm ecosystem
=============================

.. list-table::
   :widths: 3 3 5
   :header-rows: 1

   * - Layer
     - Component
     - Function
   * - Framework
     - PyTorch/TensorFlow
     - The high-level AI tools developers use.
   * - Interface
     - **hipDNN**
     - The portable API for deep learning operations.
   * - Primitives
     - MIOpen

>      - The AMD open-source, deep-learning primitives library for GPUs.

Reviewer: This Primitives layer may be the more appropriate place to focus on the plugins, since this MIOpen layer can actually be removed if we remove the plugin from the installation. There are also plugins being developed that skip MIOpen completely and go directly to the HIP library layer below this one.

Layers:
* PyTorch/TensorFlow
* hipDNN
* *Engine Selection & Execution*
  * *Engine Provider Plugins*
  * *Matches fused graph operations to engines for optimized performance.*
* Runtime
* Hardware

Author: Applied

- **Engine selection**: Heuristics will be implemented as plugins, allowing extensibility without modifying the core library, and benchmarking will be implemented as an extensible frontend API allowing customized engine selection logic.
- **Industry standard API**: Provides a familiar interface that matches established deep learning library conventions.

Components
==========

- **Frontend**: A header-only C++ library that provides the industry standard API for interacting with hipDNN. The frontend wraps the backend C API to provide a more user-friendly C++ interface.
- **Backend**: A shared library which provides a C API for hipDNN. The backend is the core component of hipDNN which acts as a plugin loader and manager, connecting problems to engines (provided via plugins) that can solve them.
- **SDKs**: Header-only libraries that provide shared utilities and interfaces. hipDNN provides three SDKs: Data SDK (graph schemas and data structures), Plugin SDK (plugin API and utilities), and Test SDK (testing utilities and CPU reference implementations).
- **Plugins**: Plugins provide additional operational support or performance improvements.

> Plugins

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Engine Provider Plugins
```

=======

> hipDNN operations are implemented through plugins. Each plugin provides its own set of supported operations. See :ref:`plugin-support` for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
hipDNN operations are implemented through provider plugins. Each provider plugin provides its own set of supported operations. See :ref:`plugin-support` for more information.
```
